c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.deps.json
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.dll
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.pdb
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.Views.dll
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.Views.pdb
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\About.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Contact.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Home\Privacy.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_CookieConsentPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.g.cshtml.cs
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.Views.pdb
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.dll
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.pdb
c:\users\archana.kumari\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\ViewData.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\archana.kumari\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ViewData\ViewData\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.1\Razor\Views\Details\Index.g.cshtml.cs
